README

Name: HebrewFontsConverter
Version: 1.0
Author: Benjamin Schnabel
Email: Benjamin-777@gmx.de
DATE: 01-02-2014
Website: www.benjaminschnabel.de
License: GPL 2.0

Description:
This is converter for Texts written BwHebb and BwGrk fonts to unicode and back.

Usage:
This program is written in python 3.3.3 use python to compile and to run.
When you run the program it will ask you for to file you want to convert. You can have multiple lines. But only plain text files (.txt).
You need to choose which type of conversion you want to make.
There are four methods.
1. From a file written in Bwhebb font to Hebrew (utf-8).
2. From a file written in Hebrew (utf-8) to Bwhebb font.
3. From a file written in BwGrk font to Greek (utf-8).
4. From a file written in Greek (utf-8) to BwGrk font.
Name a file you want to return the text to. If it does not exist it will be created, otherwise it will be overwritten.

The files greek.txt and hebrew.txt contain the charset (according to their languages).
It has to be a plain text file (.txt).
It has to be written like this.
1. The BwHebb Letter in Unicode as a char.
2. Space
2. The Hebrew or Greek letter in Unicode as a char.
You can also use two characters or more. But there has to be a space between the original language and the new language.
For the vowels, accents and trophes with has to switched with the letter before, write: "vowels:" (without the ")
The letters will be changed by one place with the letter in front of it (It is caused because of Problem of Right-To-Left in Hebrew).
It can work with Greek too.

Important:
The Backslash / is used by BwHebb and cannot be used in word.
If you want to use it, use it with a space in front and back of it (" / ").
Then the / will be left (without the spaces).

Files:
__init__.py <- Source file
greek.txt	<- File for Greek charset 
hebrew.txt	<- File for Hebrew charset
README

Bugs:
Most likely not all vowels, accents 
In case your input file is not working, try encoding it with utf-8.
Please report all Bugs to Benjamin-777@gmx.de.

Updates:
02-01-2014 Version 1.0 with Bwhebb to Hebrew in unicode working. Others are not tested yet. All Files complete uploaded. No trophes in Hebrew added.